NARRATOR: In the last episode
of Hill Street Blues…
Operation Everglades requires
an annual search of the sewers
for alligators by this department.
I have been receiving obscene phone calls!
Francis is slated
for divisional commander.
If this street-killing's no big deal,
why you, Emil?
Somebody must've liked her,
recruited her off the Hill.
You think that's okay, Nemo?
Fourteen-year-old girls?
-Sex club.
-That's right.
With juvenile performers.
Can I go home with you tonight?
(indistinct station chatter)
Yes, I do understand
everyone's displeasure
with our malfunctioning heating system.
(grunts of agreement)
-However…
-(woman sneezes)
…it, uh, behooves us…
-(sneezes)
-MAN: God bless you.
…as professionals,
to accept it in graceful stride.
As far as the metaphorical light
at tunnel's end,
Maintenance, just one half hour ago,
gave me his personal assurance
that said furnace
will be functioning again
-by midmorning.
-(groaning, murmuring)
Yeah. Well, you know,
they have been known to lie, Sarge.
Well, I can't deny the truth of that,
Washington, but what can we do?
-They got us by the, uh…
-(laughing, murmuring)
-…earlaps, as it were.
-MAN: Yeah.
Our next item.
Item 14 concerns basic maturity
or lack of it
or what is commonly called
stupidity in the extremis,
which is to say, Sniper Alley.
Once again, certain thrill-seekers
have insisted upon running
the gauntlet of Sniper Alley
in their blues and whites
in an attempt to draw rocks,
bottles, and rifle fire
from the unfriendlies up there.
Hear this: I will not have it.
Captain Furillo will not have it.
-Is that clear?
-(drill whirring)
(surprised murmuring)
WOMAN: They got it working?
(men laughing)
-(man coughs)
-WOMAN: Well, so much for that.
Look, any uninvited incursions up there
can seriously damage
the captain's negotiations
with those people.
So, let's remember
who and what we are, huh?
And while I'm on the subject
of Captain Furillo…
-(murmuring indistinctly)
-ESTERHAUS: Thank you.
I find myself charged with making
a difficult and distressing announcement.
Yes, the scuttlebutt
is more or less accurate.
Captain Furillo is a prime candidate
for a promotion
to commandership at Division.
As a personal observation,
I think he's the abler man for the job.
So, what say we gird our loins
for the worst.
Such is life. Such is police work.
All right. That's it. Hey, stay warm.
And, uh…
(chuckles)
Let's be careful out there, huh?
(chairs scraping)
See a doctor, would ya, please?
A homeopath… Take something.
You got anything? I don't know.
BATES: See somebody.
(drill whirring)
You guys were up at Gibson Heights, right?
Yeah, six months' worth.
Before that, Midtown.
Well, you guys sure move around a lot.
Sounds like someone's on your case.
Yeah. Him.
(chuckles)
Thought there might be
a little bit more action up this way.
Well, we've been known to stain
a few garments up here.
(laughs)
You mean, you really asked
to transfer to the Hill, hmm?
MAN: Well,
I wouldn't put it that way exactly.
But, uh, let's talk sometime, huh?
Yeah.
Y'all give us a call if you want to go eat
or something like that, huh?
MAN: I think we have
the neighborhood pretty well laid out.
I'll bet you do. Carmichael.
Seems like I heard them names before.
It's not for publication,
but they're top of the "F" list.
One more foul, and they're out.
WOMAN (on radio):
Dispatch. We have a 9-11.
-Armed robbery in progress.
-(sirens whooping)
See Surplus Store,
corner of People's Drive and 124th Street.
(theme music playing)
Well, as soon as he gets in,
have him call me.
Somebody over there dropped the ball
on my ex-wife's phone trace,
and I want to know who.
Well, then have him paged over there,
and tell him to get in touch
with me or Ray Calletano.
Yeah, you do that.
Thank you.
(sighs)
-He's playing racquetball.
-Oh, nice!
Frank, Frank Jr. was listening
on the other phone
while that pervert was spewing
that twisted filth at me.
Lord knows what an effect it's gonna have
on his emotional development.
Well, he wouldn't have heard anything
if you had hung up.
-Why didn't you just hang up?
-(sighs)
Because your
racquetball-playing colleague,
the mentally deficient Captain Ecker
of the Midtown Precinct, told me not to.
He said, "We have tracing techniques,
Mrs. Furillo."
-Like hell they do.
-Just take it easy.
Where's Frank Jr. now?
I want to have a little talk with him.
Don't worry about it.
Harvey is taking care of it.
Well, he is a professional, after all.
Oh, great, Fay.
And I am merely the boy's father.
Excuse me, Francis, uh, Fay.
You're running a good 20 minutes late.
Not wise, considering.
Considering what? Are you late
for your racquetball game?
Phil,
get Fay a cup of coffee.
Oh, sure. Run off.
It's the story of your life,
isn't it, Frank?
Deserting the people
who need you the most!
Howard's the perfect example
of what I've been saying for years.
Huh?
Excuse me, Chief.
I didn't quite hear that.
Come on, Howard. You hear every squeak
and bird chirp in this department.
-(men chuckling)
-What I said was,
we've come a long way
since the old potato-head,
flatfoot image of bygone days.
Howard over there has got his Ph.D.
Ed Chapel's got his master's.
There's not a man in this room
who isn't a college graduate.
And not a man in this room
can't hold his own
with the bleeding-heart,
so-called intellectuals out there.
FRANK (softly):
I told you I'd take care of it…
Frank.
-Chief.
-Nice to see you.
-Ed.
-DANIELS: Glad you could come.
(men chatting indistinctly)
-Hello, Howard.
-Frank.
Welcome to the big tepee, Frank.
DANIELS: Gentlemen, while we're on
the subject of accomplishment,
a little announcement's in order.
(spoon clinking loudly)
Want to tell 'em, Howard, or should I?
(silence)
All right. I'll do it.
Gentlemen, Lieutenant Howard Hunter
is this year's recipient
of the Police Association's
Mental Health Award.
-(spoon clinking against china)
-(men clapping)
DANIELS: Dave, I've got a good idea.
What's that, Chief?
Why don't we just put Ed and Frank
in a ring someplace
and let 'em slug it out for commander?
(men laughing)
(coughing)
(choking)
(grunting)
-FURILLO: You all right?
-(Daniels clears throat)
Gee, Frank-- (clears throat)
That was a close one. Thank you.
(pager beeping)
-Whose is it?
-Is that you?
-MAN 1: No, I'm clean.
-MAN 2: Not me.
-(beeping continues, stops)
-It's mine.
-(clears throat)
-FURILLO: Sorry. Chief.
-Thank you, Frank. I'll see you.
-Take it easy, Frank.
Well, that's what I'd call good timing.
(clears throat)
(exhales)
(indistinct station chatter)
He'll take your statement.
Guy got mugged comin' out of that, uh--
that glove factory on Water Street.
Oh, New Deal Cap and Glove Company, huh?
Yeah, they took his money, his watch,
and 20 dozen pairs of gloves.
Such is the lot
of the small businessman these days.
Hey, be supportive.
Give him a cup of the good coffee.
-All right, Sarge.
-Keep up the good work.
-I want to see you guys make good.
-MAN: Belker.
(phone rings)
It's him.
I should've figured I'd find
that sawed-off little kike up here.
-What'd you say?
-Shut up!
BELKER:
Why is it so cold this morning, Leo?
Nobody paid the utility bills again.
Try rubbing a couple winos
together or something.
(laughing): Winos.
What say, Jew boy?
-(phone rings)
-MAN: Hello, listen, I…
-(growls)
-What's going on here?
Personal.
Been a while.
What gives? What's with you two?
I'd like to voice a complaint
against this officer's
vicious anti-Semitic remarks!
In a minute, sir. Ludwig?
This.
He owes me one from back at the academy.
No one believed me when I told 'em
the little scum bit my finger off.
-Stop it. Come on. Come on.
-All right, Ludwig. All right.
-(phone rings)
-(indistinct station chatter)
I'll do the best I can, Lieutenant.
-That's all I can promise.
-(phone rings)
-You find a peaceful solution, Mick.
-BATES: Yeah, Hill Street.
Or else…
BATES: Yeah, Captain.
-I said I'll try.
-BATES: Just a second. Lieutenant?
It's the captain. Line three.
-(phone rings)
-(indistinct station chatter)
Go ahead, Frank.
Frank?
Frank.
(exhales)
Where the hell is Marv?
Nothing works in this place.
No furnace, no phone, no nothing!
I'll get him, okay? I'll get him.
(steps coming downstairs)
They're raisin' hell upstairs, Marv.
There's only two phones workin'
in the entire joint…
For cryin' out loud.
Marv, are you sleeping?
(scoffs)
Real cute, Marv.
Want to stop screwing around?
Marv…
(sad music playing)
Oh, my…
(steps going upstairs)
(action music playing)
How ya doing, Abe?
-Hello, Emil.
-Frank.
He's in Room D, Captain.
WOMAN (over P.A.): Would the
deputy assistant to D.A. Kiley's office
please pick up a message
at the front desk?
Can you give me a little hint
what's going on here?
All I know is
the public defender said "urgent."
Urgent, huh?
Well, in case you hadn't heard,
they've kicked
this Nemo Rodriguez thing upstairs.
You know who's in there with him now?
The female barracuda, Davenport.
Now I wouldn't lie to you, Frank,
but I'm blaming you
for this screwing around
wasting of my time.
And I'm telling you something else, kid.
You would never have done it
if you hadn't been humping for commander.
Oh, well. (sighs)
Politics is politics, hmm?
I just hate to see a good guy
sinking in that swamp.
(indistinct inmates' chatter)
(gate buzzing)
RODRIGUEZ: I had nothing at the house,
so I went over to this after-hours place
to go pick up a bottle, right?
Okay. I come back maybe 20 minutes later,
and I'm on the stairs
when I hear the gun go off.
I hear a crash, too,
and then this guy comes tearing out
the door and down the stairs.
Bam! Throws me against the wall,
so I don't have no chance to grab him.
I mean,
I didn't have no chance at all, right?
But it was him, man.
See, no doubt about that
because I met him one time
when I went over to go see Rose
in a place he set her up in.
Tell the captain and the lieutenant
the man's name.
It was McAurley, the councilman guy.
(laughing)
Don't do this, kid.
You got a great imagination, but…
(laughing)
His prints are all over the murder weapon.
He's told us
two cock-and-bull stories already.
He's a very creative kid.
Councilman McAurley.
What's this?
It's the apartment address.
I wouldn't think
it too difficult to ascertain
if the victim was being kept and by whom.
I'd like it searched as soon as possible.
I think that's a reasonable request.
DAVENPORT: I called his office.
He's been in and out all morning.
Thought I'd stop by on the way uptown.
Look, Frank, I know how tight
McAurley is with the department,
and if Schneider won't talk to him,
I'll just have the D.A. subpoena him.
Now wait a minute.
What if he has nothing to do with it?
You know as well as I do,
it's gonna be all over the news.
Besides that, Schneider has a point.
The kid hasn't told the same story twice.
-Do you believe him?
-I don't know yet.
Frank, I want to see you make commander,
and for more reasons
than just the shape of your nose.
You let me worry about that, okay?
I think we're asking for it
if we don't give it a rest
until this thing is over.
And don't do that.
-And don't give me an argument.
-(sighs)
All we need is a rumor of collusion
between the P.D.'s office and you.
Let me have Skip Fitzgerald subpoena
the councilman and get it over with.
No, no, no. Hold off on that.
I need a little more time.
And I'll see you later.
Frank, you're not listening to me.
I'm making good sense.
You're serious?
(theme music playing)
Joyce?
(horn blares)
-(sighs): What was Marv, maybe 38, 40?
-(indistinct chatter over radio)
-More like 32.
-(groans)
See, I knew he wasn't feeling so hot,
but who knew?
Well, when the icy hand of darkness
decides to expunge the flame of life,
none of us is immune--
not even one so young and gifted as Marv.
Oh, man. I was depressed enough already.
Tell him to cool it, will you, Neal?
The man's right on the mark, babe.
Life, death, eternity,
et cetera.
Marv.
Marv. Marv.
Greatest phone man
this department ever had.
-Fastest cable layer in the business.
-Marv--
-Guy had the hands of a surgeon.
ESTERHAUS: Strange.
I can't seem to recall his last name.
-CALLETANO: Marv--
-Marv, uh…
-Uh-- (murmurs)
-Marv-- No, wait a minute.
Guy's name was Carpenter
or something like that.
-Carpenter.
-No. No, no, no.
-Wood? Maybe it was Wood?
-HINGLE: Thorpe.
-Yeah, Marv Thorpe.
-No, it was more fishlike sounding,
-like, uh, Marv Trout.
-LARUE: No.
LEO: Marv, uh-- Marv Clark.
(men continue guessing indistinctly)
MAN: They're coming up.
(all slowly fall silent)
Oh, man.
Man.
A little too stiff to get in the body bag.
Oh, I, uh, need his full I.D.
on this 10-50 form, please.
Phil, I know Marv would want you to do it.
All right.
I guess I'll have to admit that we're
confronting a minor embarrassment here.
You see--
Judas H. Priest.
That's Marv Box.
MAN (whispering): Oh, Box. That's it.
-Box.
-WOMAN: I knew that.
-MAN: I knew it was something like that.
-WOMAN: Box. It was Box.
Rigor mortis.
He must've bought it hours ago.
I don't think he bought anything,
Lieutenant.
He just went-- (clicks tongue)
We console ourselves
that he died with his boots on--
drill rampant in the cause of duty,
honor,
country.
Good-bye, old friend.
-Amen.
-ALL: Amen.
MAN: Oh, man.
FURILLO: I want someone on the phone
from now until we pin him down.
McAurley's office, McAurley's phone,
the council chambers, the works.
-Oh, and Henry Goldblume.
-Here, Frank.
What's going on?
Well, Francis, while you were downtown,
we lost a man.
Marv.
Marv? Marv Box?
He's dead? How? What happened?
Well, it's still unknown
at this point in time.
Had to be either heart or brain.
Maybe his stomach.
No, I don't think stomach, Ray.
Not directly anyway.
Stomach by me includes kidneys and liver.
-I don't think so.
-Well, I do.
He was 32 years old, tops.
-(indistinct station chatter)
-(distant phone ringing)
Pull his file, will ya, Phil?
-I better call his wife.
-Oh, we got it right here, Francis.
We've gone through it, and according to
what we've got here, he wasn't married.
Nor was there any next of kin--
no one, not a soul.
He walked among us a stranger.
Uh, excuse me, guys.
Hey.
In light of what's happened here today,
has anyone given any more thought
to my investment?
It's an annuity for our loved ones,
and it's still a thousand bucks a share
to friends.
(groans)
Uh, maybe I ought to talk to Rachel again.
Yeah, maybe
I'll, uh, give Grace a call, huh?
And Cindy, naturally.
For a thousand, why not?
Think of it, Ray-- Marv--
the Saloondromat.
There's a meaningful tie-in there.
-Condolences, Frank.
-Thank you, Howard.
What can I do for you, Howard?
A little edgy, Frank. Uh--
Well, it's not every day
that you lose a good soldier,
but, uh, the war goes on.
Do you mind?
I have a little goody here, mon ami,
that is gonna rotate your day 180 degrees
and leave you walking away from that desk
smelling like a new bicycle seat.
I'm not sure I want to walk away
from this desk yet, Howard.
Nonsense, Frank.
You have crossed the line of departure.
It's lock-and-load time.
That little Heimlich you did on the chief
this morning saw to that.
Oh, come on, Howard.
I just happened to be there.
That's my point exactly.
It is kismet.
Old Ed Chapel would suck brown floss
for a year to make those kind of points.
So, let's…
Let's put the icing on the puck.
(exhales)
I'm afraid to ask.
It's a Personnel Armored
N-series Defense Attack vehicle.
Acronym: PANDA.
It's made by Nishitsu Corporation, Frank,
and the one we've gotten,
it has been modified for urban warfare.
-That's--
-Wait a minute.
We're getting one of these?
What the hell for, Howard?
For Sniper Alley, Frank.
No, no, no, no.
No, Howard. No tanks!
We're negotiating peace with those people,
and we're making inroads.
You can't make inroads
with third-world baboons.
Besides, it's a fait accompli.
The chief has already
put his stamp of approval on it.
-In writing?
-Check.
Check, huh?
We'll see about that.
Ray, can--
You need me, Frank? Here I am.
-Would you come in here, please?
-Sure, Frank. Absolutely.
-Howard.
-Commander. Uh--
Frank, could you close the door
and pull the shades?
We are standing here
in the buff, security-wise.
Well, let's just take a chance, Howard.
Judas H.--
What do you know about this?
Just a little new technology, Frank.
You know the chief's appetite
for, uh, hardware.
Yeah, well, if the chief likes it so much,
why doesn't he take it home with him?
I won't have it in my precinct.
Let's not go off the deep end, Frank.
Just a subject for study.
We'll field-test it
and see where it takes us.
We're not testing it in my precinct, Dave,
not as long as I'm captain.
-Very impressive, Howard.
-Thank you.
I appreciate your misgivings, Frank.
Don't think I don't.
Howard, would you, uh…
Oh! Oh. Yeah, sure.
(blows)
Ciao, Frank.
Furnace still on the fritz, huh?
It's… brisk in here.
What's on your mind, Dave?
You.
What have you got
against Councilman Tom McAurley?
Not a thing.
But a murder suspect has implicated him,
and I thought I would look into it
before the press does.
Let Emil Schneider do it.
Frank, do you want that commandership?
Huh?
I don't know.
What are you afraid of?
That this precinct
can't survive without you?
Or are you afraid it can?
I've got a murder victim
who was a veteran prostitute at age 15.
She didn't land
in either place by herself.
-Don't preach at me, Frank.
-Who's involved here?
Who's Schneider covering for?
That's reckless talk, Frank,
and it's not like you.
Schneider's doing
the same job he always does.
(curtain whooshes)
Do me a favor.
Trust me on this one.
Let Homicide handle it.
Between what I got in pledges
and the cash and the checks here,
a grand from you
is gonna put us over the top.
Uh-uh. (chuckles)
I got 3,200 in your markers already, babe.
I'm not asking you for a loan. I'm trying
to give you a shot at the brass ring.
Yeah, sure.
-What are we stopping for?
-Guy back there.
He's selling cigarettes
out the back of his car.
Come on, man. The dude's doing
a little business. So what?
Look, I've got the real estate guy
waiting on me.
-I've got Goldblume waiting on me.
-Uh-uh-uh.
MAN: Hey, hey, ho. What ya smoking, bro?
-Hey, what you got here, man?
-I can give you a real good price.
-Valiant.
-Yeah, uh, you got any money on you, man?
Oh, man. Why do I always
have to go in my wallet, huh?
-(Washington chuckles)
-(laughs)
Oh, no.
Oh, damn.
Oh, and I just drove up from Kentucky.
Is that right?
(laughs)
-Okay, ya got me.
-Come on.
If we take this guy in,
I'm gonna blow my meeting.
Hey, look, man. It's too blatant, J.D.
It's insulting, man.
(theme music playing)
All right, who stole my blanket?
I'm tired of it.
What do you think?
Nice.
(door creaks)
This is it, Henry.
Saloondromat.
Now, the bar,
it's gonna be like it is now.
It's gonna run the whole length
of the room, huh?
But, uh…
But we're gonna extend it out there
into the back and all the way over.
Stylish! You know, you got vision.
You got vision.
See this area right over here, huh?
This whole area is gonna be the machines,
the washers, the dryers…
but we're going to fix it up
so they don't, like,
stick out all over the place.
You know what I mean?
It's really tacky. Uh…
Kind of, like, cover them
and have TV screens--
TV screens, right? From over there
at the bar you watch your wash!
-(sarcastically): Watch your wash?
-Yeah.
(interested): Watch your wash.
I like it.
Millions, Henry. Millions.
-Mr. Calabrese, one minute, all right?
-All right.
-Neal--
-No.
Look. Look, I got the guy down
as low as he's gonna go.
He'll even throw in
a year full of free beer coasters.
-What do you say?
-Hey, hey, hey. J.D., man--
Ah, look, I'll pay you back first.
I swear it.
I got something here, man. I know I do.
What are we without a dream?
Think of Marv.
Want to end up like that?
We're all gonna end up like Marv.
Not till we're 80, riding two chicks
sidesaddle in a basket chair.
(laughs)
All that
from a little old Saloondromat, man?
(chuckles)
(sighs)
From, uh, little acorns
mighty corporations grow.
Look at the phone company, man.
They started out
with a string and two Dixie cups.
(traffic noises)
(sighs)
(theme music playing)
(exhales)
Ah, what the hell.
A little upward mobility
never hurt nobody.
-(laughs)
-Whoo! I got it!
Whew. (laughs)
Oh, man.
(tires squealing)
ESTERHAUS: Oh, I don't know, Grace.
Life is so momentary.
I'm all of a sudden saying to myself,
"Phil Esterhaus,
don't let the important things slide."
-(phone ringing)
-(typing)
I know exactly what you mean, Phil.
You know, in that sense,
Sam's death
was the best thing
that ever happened to me.
Hmm.
In light of which, I've been thinking
about that long weekend
that we've been talking about.
Oh, Phil.
You mean Las Casitas Garden
of Eden Retreat in Mexico?
Well, why wait? We have each other.
We have now.
What is the future, really?
A throw of the dice.
(chuckles)
And you're not worried
it's a naturalist retreat?
Well, given the ambient temperature
indoors and out,
my main thrust is warm sunshine,
soft breezes, loose tropical clothing.
(laughs)
You mean no clothing.
-(phone ringing)
-No clothing?
Well, it's a nudist retreat.
You mean, everybody is naked?
Oh.
That does make you anxious.
No.
I've been among thousands
of nude persons in my day.
Then it's settled.
I'm going to take care of everything.
Plane tickets, reservations…
And I'm not going to forget
that crème de cacao lotion
you find so exhilarating.
Ooh.
(both laughing)
(sighs): Ah, well.
I had such hopes for this dump.
(clears throat)
Councilman McAurley--
He's dropped off the end
of the world, Frank.
He's not in his office. He's not home.
He's not anywhere.
-And no one's speaking to me.
-You try city council?
-He's not there either.
-I'll tell you what.
Uh, check with his lawyer.
Maybe he's there.
And get back to me, Alf. I want him.
Okay, Frank.
(traffic noises)
(indistinct radio chatter)
Call the clerk. See if you can speed up
that search warrant.
All right.
(indistinct chatter)
-LaRue.
-Washington.
Neal, I'm telling you.
Neal, for a thousand dollars,
you're gonna be a very, very rich man.
Yeah, it seems like
I heard this before, man.
Well? Well? Did we get it?
Get it? Honey, I had the poor fool
eating out of my hands.
You just clear out a little room
in your bank account.
-(laughs)
-Hey, take a seat, Bruce.
(phone rings)
Got something for you, sunshine.
-Detective Belker.
-WOMAN (on phone): It's your mama.
BELKER: Hi, Ma.
Nothing's wrong. I'm fine.
I'm working. That's all.
-(indistinct talking over phone)
-(sighs): Okay, I'm smiling.
I am. I'm smiling.
(phone ringing)
No, I haven't talked to Debbie
in a few days.
No, there's no special reason.
I'm just busy. That's all.
Did you call me for a special reason?
♪ Hava nagila, hava nagila ♪
♪ Hava nagila… ♪
BELKER: Uh, Ma--
He's calling his mom.
Probably off to a kibbutz,
know what I'm saying?
Aw, please, Ma. The man is 83 years old.
If he wants to drink a cup of hot water
before he goes to bed,
what's the big deal?
-(mom speaking angrily over phone)
-Those things happen, Ma.
That's what you got a washing machine for.
♪ Hava nagila ♪
I gotta hang up, Ma. I got work here.
I'll call you back. Good-bye.
(phone slams down)
-(drawer slams)
-Don't do it, man. He'll eat you alive.
LUDWIG: What am I doing?
-What is it exactly I'm doing?
-(chair clatters)
Leave me alone, Ludwig.
What's the matter?
You scared to take me on again?
Is it against your dietary laws?
The past is the past, Ludwig.
You just let it lie.
You're chicken soup, Belker.
-(growling)
-LUDWIG: Ah, yeah. That's it.
Come on.
-You--
-Take it easy, man.
Don't do it.
(exhales, scoffs)
(inaudible)
Uh, Officer Carmichael, Ludwig,
uh, in the captain's office, please.
Sure, Sarge.
-Stay right there.
-Hey, do you mind?
(indistinct station chatter)
(clears throat)
This regards certain remarks
of an anti-Semitic persuasion.
Said remarks are tasteless in the extremis
and will not be tolerated
in this precinct!
Am I perfectly lucid?
Yes, sir. (sighs)
In addition, I have noticed,
in my perusal of the parking lot,
that your unit has sustained
considerable shooting damage--
the rear windows, the top lights
and, most noticeably,
the driver's side door.
I thought I made myself quite clear
regarding runs through Sniper Alley.
We just took the wrong turn is all,
uh, being new here.
Yeah. At least we got your shooter.
Oh, yes. The shooter, huh?
And the weapon?
He must've ditched it in the chase.
Rooftops… You know how that goes.
Ah, yes, the chase.
Tell me, Ludwig, how have you two
managed to stay in uniforms
that you so continually
and habitually disgrace?
How about let's not book him, huh?
Throw him in Holding till he dries out
and then hit the bricks.
Until further notice,
you two are assigned foot patrol.
Foot patrol? But it's cold out there,
Sarge! You ca--
No problem, Sergeant.
Just, uh, let me reconnoiter
another sweater, we'll be on our way.
-(footsteps approaching)
-(door opens)
Belker.
(panting)
There's no getting away, you little hebe.
Just you and me.
Right now.
(growling)
(shouting)
(phone ringing)
Oh, Francis?
I have a few messages here for you.
(laughs)
(muffled thudding)
-(thudding continues)
-Where's Belker?
Locker room.
(man groans)
(Belker shouting)
-(punches landing)
-LUDWIG: Fuck!
(Belker shouting)
(both grunting)
-FURILLO: Hey, hey, hey!
-ESTERHAUS: Mick! Mick, let go.
-Come on!
-Mick, stop it!
All right. Let me see the damage.
-What the hell happened?
-(panting)
He damn near bit off another one!
You were warned,
but you didn't listen, huh?
Lucy, wrap this in a towel
and get him to Emergency.
I couldn't help it, Captain.
He wouldn't leave me alone.
Get that cleaned up and dressed.
(both panting)
Then I want to see you in my office.
(panting)
(whispering): Come on.
(theme music playing)
-(phone rings)
-(indistinct station chatter)
-You got me good, huh?
-This is gonna go straight to the top.
It doesn't make any… Let's face it.
It doesn't make any sense
putting me in that cage.
My lawyer's on his way
right up here. Right--
Hey, wait! Wait--
I'm in the-- I'm in the bus--
I'm a businessman.
I'm in the cigarette business.
That's life.
Hi.
-(keys rattling)
-(chattering)
-Wait. No.
-Come on. There you go.
Heat.
Sergeant, I think the heat's back on.
Hey! The heat's on!
Heat, Ray.
Back to normal, finally.
A transition, as it were.
A return to normalcy.
-(door opens)
-(woman giggling)
(phone ringing)
Francis, the way I saw it, I'd say
Belker used admirable restraint.
All right, this is the way the beef ends.
Ludwig and Carmichael
are out of this precinct.
Today, if we can.
With pleasure, Francis.
You see any teeth marks?
No. It looked like a clean bite.
Guys, excuse me.
I found this in the men's room.
-It's Marv's.
-ESTERHAUS: Hmm.
I know this sounds a little maudlin,
but, uh, this is
about all we have left of him.
Maybe put it in a trophy case?
We don't have a trophy case, Henry.
Well, maybe we can buy one, build one.
Call it the Marv Memorial Trophy Case.
Frank. Frank, look. Frank, look.
(crying)
-Fay, what's the matter? What's going on?
-Oh, Frank!
Uh, excuse us, would you, please?
I-- I was--
I was going to pick up Frank Jr.,
but I decided to go home first
and get dinner started.
But the minute I opened the door,
I had this feeling
that something was wrong.
(sobbing)
All right. It's okay. All right.
Pull yourself together. Come on. Come on.
-(Fay sniffling)
-FURILLO: Talk to me.
FAY: Well, I heard the water
running in the bathroom,
and I didn't think I had left it on,
but sometimes I do, and…
Well, I went into the bedroom, and…
-And he'd been there.
-(sobbing): Yes.
(sobbing): He'd opened up
all my drawers and my closets
and taken everything out.
He pulled the bedspread off,
and he-- he took my underwear…
Okay, okay. I get the picture.
-Did you touch any of it?
-No.
No, I was once married to a cop.
I know what to do.
(sobs)
Good girl.
All right. You and Frank Jr.
are coming home with me tonight.
-But what about…?
-No buts.
I'm sending you over to your mother's
with Hingle and Perez to pick up Frank Jr.
Then they'll take you to my place
and stay with you till I get back.
Hold on. Ray!
Get me Swanson. Oh, and Ecker at Midtown.
I want to talk to them both
right now on the same line.
All right.
This guy, this crazy, this jerk is
as good as got, Fay, I swear to you.
Frank, I'm sorry about
what I said this morning.
I didn't mean it, about your not caring.
Forget it.
(phone ringing)
You were scared.
Frank, Swanson.
Ecker is not in his office.
Keep trying.
(phone ringing)
(exhales)
-How's that, Fay?
-(exhales)
Good. Thanks, Phil.
So, how are things?
Hmm, given the ebbs and flows of life,
not too, too bad.
Not great, but certainly not bad. (sniffs)
Well, you sound low.
Well, Fay, two women,
two sets of emotions.
Two sets of wants, needs, desires.
(sighs)
Two very different techniques.
I mean, lying around stark naked
with hundreds of other naked people
of both sexes…
(tearfully): Phil,
I've had a very bad couple of days.
Oh, Fay, did I say something?
-Oh, Fay.
-(sobbing)
Oh…
Sex, sex, sex… I'm sexed to the teeth!
-Oh. Oh.
-(sobbing continues)
(indistinct station chatter)
Ray, tell Frank I want to see him.
You, too.
Out of respect for you, Emil, we waited,
but since you didn't pull a warrant
on that apartment, we did.
It was either that
or have McAurley subpoenaed
by the public defender's office.
His being subpoenaed isn't my problem.
This is. This is low, Frank, real low.
Tell him, Ray.
The apartment house superintendent
verifies McAurley pays the rent.
A search of the premises discovered
McAurley's phone numbers in her book
and snapshots of the two of them together.
We also got department store receipts
for women's clothes
charged to McAurley's account.
And…
we turned up an acquaintance of the victim
who says that Rosario Rivas
was McAurley's special lady.
What's going on, Emil?
No squeeze, Frank.
It took us till today to verify all this.
You knew about it days ago.
(hushed): Listen, Frank.
That kid killed that girl.
Whatever else she was involved with
is immaterial.
He did it, and we got him and that's it.
"And that's it."
Which adds up to murder one
for the Rodriguez kid.
That's not my problem, Frank.
And it shouldn't be yours, either.
Let the lady plead him
whatever way she wants to.
-Come on. I've seen her work.
-(buzzing)
She'll put on a dog and pony show
for the D.A. that you wouldn't believe.
-Furillo's office.
-She'll beg him down to manslaughter.
He'll walk out after three.
I bet a thousand bucks on it here and now.
Yeah?
Then why won't McAurley talk to me, Emil?
What's he hiding from?
Frank, Davenport.
She says it's urgent.
Furillo.
McAurley's on Channel 6 right now,
and you won't believe it.
Sure. Right away.
Turn on Channel 6.
WOMAN (on TV):
Talk a little, if you would,
about the nature of this relationship,
Councilman.
How, for example, you and Mrs. McAurley
came to know her.
During the last campaign, uh,
Eve got to know Rose quite well.
Eve had, uh, volunteered her time
to help us establish
a youth center down here
as an alternative
to the life of crime and violence
that awaits so many of these youngsters.
Eve recognized a rare intelligence
and sensitivity in the girl,
and she prevailed upon me
to help improve the quality of her life.
EVE (on TV): We became very close--
Rose and myself.
MCAURLEY: Eve and I felt, and still do,
that it's one thing to talk a good game.
We decided to take an active part.
So, you see,
Rose was really like family to us.
And it's the cruelest of ironies
for this wonderful young woman
to have left us.
Can you tell us anything
about the circumstances
surrounding this case, Councilman?
Well, all I feel at liberty to say
without, uh, damaging
the district attorney's investigation
is that… there is a suspect
in custody at this time.
A young man who, uh, knew Rose before.
Thank you, Councilman
and Mrs. Thomas McAurley.
My deepest condolences.
Satisfied, Frank?
That's all right.
You meant well, but you didn't know.
Enjoy the promotion.
Let's have lunch together sometime, Ray.
I appreciate that very much, Emil.
(door closes)
Francis,
we can't get the furnace to turn off,
and I can't raise Maintenance.
Talk about bankers' hours.
Did you know they close down at 4:00?
Call a furnace company.
Put 'em on the books as an informant.
Oh, that's a very creative idea.
You know, since the word's out
that you might move up to Division,
I have a few requests for transfer.
How many?
Twenty-eight uniforms,
seventeen plainclothes
and one possible retirement.
But you shouldn't in any way
let this affect your decision.
I'll look at 'em in the morning.
-Good night, Phil.
-Good night, Francis.
(theme music playing)